README.md, before:

# TIS Microservice Template

## About
This is a template to be used for TIS microservices with the following
technology:

 - Java 11
 - Spring Boot
 - Gradle
 - JUnit 5

Boilerplate code is to be generated with:
 - Lombok
 - MapStruct

Code quality checking and enforcement is done with the following tools:
 - EditorConfig
 - Checkstyle
 - JaCoCo
 - SonarQube

## Usage
To use this template, create a new repository from it and follow the TODOs in
the code, with the following additional changes.
 - Update copyright year in [LICENSE](LICENSE).
 - Update copyright year in [TemplateApplication].
 - Update copyright year in [TemplateApplicationTest].
 - Update this README.

## Versioning
This project uses [Semantic Versioning](semver.org).

## License
This project is license under [The MIT License (MIT)](LICENSE).

[TemplateApplication]: src/main/java/uk/nhs/hee/tis/template/TemplateApplication.java
[TemplateApplicationTest]: src/test/java/uk/nhs/hee/tis/template/TemplateApplicationTest.java

Commit message:

chore: Add Sentry error reporting to the template
Update build.gradle to import the sentry-spring dependency.
Create SentryConfiguration to create the two Sentry beans as per the
Sentry Java installation guide.

Update the README to include that Sentry is used in the template and how
to configure it.

TISNEW-3904

README.md, after:

# TIS Microservice Template

## About
This is a template to be used for TIS microservices with the following
technology:

 - Java 11
 - Spring Boot
 - Gradle
 - JUnit 5

Boilerplate code is to be generated with:
 - Lombok
 - MapStruct

Code quality checking and enforcement is done with the following tools:
 - EditorConfig
 - Checkstyle
 - JaCoCo
 - SonarQube

Error and exception logging is done using Sentry.

## Usage
To use this template, create a new repository from it and follow the TODOs in
the code, with the following additional changes.
 - Update copyright year in [LICENSE](LICENSE).
 - Update copyright year in [TemplateApplication].
 - Update copyright year in [TemplateApplicationTest].
 - Update this README.
 - Provide `SENTRY_DSN` and `SENTRY_ENVIRONMENT` as environmental variables
   during deployment.

## Versioning
This project uses [Semantic Versioning](semver.org).

## License
This project is license under [The MIT License (MIT)](LICENSE).

[TemplateApplication]: src/main/java/uk/nhs/hee/tis/template/TemplateApplication.java
[TemplateApplicationTest]: src/test/java/uk/nhs/hee/tis/template/TemplateApplicationTest.java
